doc: add disk-migrater rfc (#695)
apache/incubator-pegasus: rfcs/2021-02-22-disk-migrater.md

# Disk-Migrater

> ## Overall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Design Goals
```

> Disk-Migrater is for migrating data among different disk volumns at one node,  which is different from [node-balancer](http://pegasus.apache.org/administration/rebalance) that is for migrating data among different nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disk-Migrater is for migrating data among different local disks within one node. This feature is different from node-rebalance that is for migrating data among different nodes. 
```

## Flow Process

> Disk-Migrater operates by sending `RPC_REPLICA_DISK_MIGRATE` rpc to target node and goes on to trigger the node to migrate the `replica` from one disk to another. The whole migration process as follow: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disk-Migrater operates by sending `RPC_REPLICA_DISK_MIGRATE` rpc to the targeted node that triggers the node to migrate the specified `replica` from one disk to another. The whole migration process is as follow: 
```

```
+---------------+      +---------------+       +--------------+

> | client(shell) +------+ replicaServer +-------+  metaServer  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| client(shell) +------+ ReplicaServer +-------+  MetaServer  |
```

+------+--------+      +-------+-------+       +-------+------+
       |                       |                       |
       +------migrateRPC-----> +-----IDLE              |
       |                       |       | (validate rpc)|
       |                       |     MOVING            |
       |                       |       | (migrate data)|
       |                       |     MOVED             |
       |                       |       | (rename dir)  |
       |                       |     CLOSED            |
       |                       |       |               |
       |                +----- +<----LEARN<------------+
       |                |      |                       |
       |                |      |                       |
       |           LearnSuccess|                       |
       |                |      |                       |
       |                |      |                       |
       |                +----->+                       |
```

> * target node receive the migrate-rpc and start validate rpc arguments
> * if the rpc is valid, node start migrate `replica` which contain `checkpoint`, `.init-info`,`.app-info`
> * after data migrate successfuly, the origin `replica` will be closed and `replica-server` re-opens the new `replica`
> * if the new `repica`  data is inconsistent with other replica(new write operation when migrating), it will be trigger to `learn` to catch up with the latest data by `meta-server`
> * after the `learn` is completed, the `migration` is successful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The targeted node receives the migrateRPC and starts validating the request arguments.
2. If the RPC is valid, node starts migrating the specified `replica`.
3. After replica migration finishes successfuly, the original `replica` will be closed and ReplicaServer re-opens the new `replica`.
4. If the new replica's data is inconsistent with its primary, MetaServer will automatically start to trigger replica-learn to catch up with the latest data.
5. After the learning process is completed, the entire disk-migration ends.
```

|---|---|---|
|IDEL  |primary/secondary[gpid.pegasus]  |--[--]   |
|START   |secondary[gpid.pegasus]  |--[--]   |
|MOVING   |secondary[gpid.pegasus]   |--[gpid.pegasus.disk.migrate.tmp]   |
|MOVED   |secondary[gpid.pegasus]   |--[gpid.pegasus.disk.migrate.tmp]   | 
|CLOSED   |error[gpid.pegasus.disk.migrate.ori]   |--[gpid.pegasus]   |
|LEARNING   |error[gpid.pegasus.disk.migrate.ori]   |potential_secondary[gpid.pegasus] |
| COMPLETED  |error[gpid.pegasus.disk.migrate.ori]   |secondary[gpid.pegasus]   |

**Note:** 
* If replica status is `primary`, you need assign it `secondary`  manually via [propose](http://pegasus.apache.org/administration/rebalance).
* Any process is failed, the operation will be failed and reverted the `IDEL` status.

## Client Command
The `client` sending rpc now is [admin-cli](https://github.com/pegasus-kv/admin-cli) which support `query disk info` and `migrate disk replica`, the command like this(`help` can see the detail command ):
```
# query replica capacity
disk-capacity -n node -d disk
# query replica count
disk-replica -n node -d disk
# migrate data
disk-migrate -n node -g gpid -f disk1 -t disk2 
```

> It's noticed that the migration is manual, and  we hope  the future work is  `admin-cli` can create `whole disk balance plan/step` and then automatically migrate data to balance all disk as much as possible .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be noticed that disk migration is currently a manual operation. It's in our future plan to design a disk-rebalance planner. It can generate a series of steps, which automatically migrate data and eventually make all disks balanced.
```

> # Disk-Migrater

Reviewer 2: should be “migrator”?

## Design Goals

> Disk-Migrater is for migrating data among different local disks within one node. This feature is different from node-rebalance that is for migrating data among different nodes. 

Reviewer 2: used for

```

1. The targeted node receives the migrateRPC and starts validating the request arguments.
2. If the RPC is valid, node starts migrating the specified replica.
3. After replica migration finishes successfuly, the original replica will be closed and ReplicaServer re-opens the new replica.
4. If the new replica's data is inconsistent with its primary, MetaServer will automatically start to trigger replica-learn to catch up with the latest data.
5. After the learning process is completed, the entire disk-migration ends.

## Replica States
In the process of migration, the original replica and the new replica will have different states as follow:
| process  |origin replica status[dir name]  | new replica status[dir name]   |
|---|---|---|
|IDEL  |primary/secondary[gpid.pegasus]  |--[--]   |
|START   |secondary[gpid.pegasus]  |--[--]   |
|MOVING   |secondary[gpid.pegasus]   |--[gpid.pegasus.disk.migrate.tmp]   |
|MOVED   |secondary[gpid.pegasus]   |--[gpid.pegasus.disk.migrate.tmp]   | 
|CLOSED   |error[gpid.pegasus.disk.migrate.ori]   |--[gpid.pegasus]   |
|LEARNING   |error[gpid.pegasus.disk.migrate.ori]   |potential_secondary[gpid.pegasus] |

> | COMPLETED  |error[gpid.pegasus.disk.migrate.ori]   |secondary[gpid.pegasus]   |

Reviewer 2: Should use markdown code block format

Author: ?, how format? now has been md fomat

**Note:** 

> * If replica status is `primary`, you need assign it `secondary`  manually via [propose](http://pegasus.apache.org/administration/rebalance).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If replica status is `primary`, you need assign it `secondary` manually via [propose](http://pegasus.apache.org/administration/rebalance).
```

> * Any process is failed, the operation will be failed and reverted the `IDEL` status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Once any process is failed, the operation will be failed and reverted the `IDEL` status.
```

## Client Command
The client sending migrateRPC is [admin-cli](https://github.com/pegasus-kv/admin-cli) which supports `disk-capacity`, `disk-replica` and `disk-migrate` commands. 

> Use `help` to see the command manuals. The example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `help` to see the command manuals. For example:
```
